CARBON_HOME/repository/conf directory contains all the Carbon configuration files. 
Usage of the sub-directories of relevant configurations are as follows. 

1. axis2 <directory>
	-axis2.xml
	 The Apache Axis2 configuration file. Apache Axis2 is used at the core
   	 of WSO2 Carbon.

	-axis2_client.xml
	 The Axis2 client configuration file. 

	-tenant-axis2.xml
	 The Axis2 configuration file for a tenant.

2. datasources <directory>
	-master-datasources.xml
	 The main configuration file for Carbon Datasources. 
	 Registry and User Manager refer the datasource configuration defined in this file.

3. email <directory>
	-email-admin-config.xml
	 Contains the body of the mail that is to be sent upon the tenant configuration request by the 
         admin of the tenant. This includes the password reset link, for the forgotten passwords.

4. security <directory>
	-authenticators.xml
       	 The configuration file for Carbon authenticators.

5. tomcat <directory>
	-carbon <directory>
		|-WEB-INF
		| |-web.xml
		|   This is the web application deployment descriptor for the Carbon web application.	
		|
		|-META-INF
		  |-context.xml
		    This is the context configuration file for the Carbon web application.
	-web.xml
	 This file defines default values for all web applications loaded into this instance of Tomcat.	 

	-catalina-server.xml
	 This file is the main server configuration file for Tomcat (similar to server.xml in standard Tomcat). 
	 You can also use this file to configure transport connectors, specify nio ports (http and https ports) 
	 for WSO2 Carbon server.

	-tomcat-users.xml
	 This is the standard tomcat-users.xml file which can be used for definig users & roles. This
	 is applicable to webapps only, and will be used only if the Security/TomcatRealm entry in the
	 carbon.xml is set to Memory.

6. etc <directory>
	-cache.xml
	 This file contains configuration related to the caching implementation in Carbon. The default
	 cache manager used by Carbon is Infinispan. And, it can operate in several modes, such as local,
	 distributed, or replicated. The cache manager is run in the local mode by default, and it is
	 recommended to use the distributed mode or cluster and cloud deployments.

	-config-validation.xml
	 This file contains recommended configuration settings to run WSO2 Carbon. System settings will be
	 validated against these values by the bootup-validator carbon component at server startup.
         You can disable the bootup validation process at Carbon startup by setting 
         <Configuration enabled="false"> 

	-coordination-client-config.xml
	 This file is used to configure Coordination Service client.

	-jmx.xml
	 This file is used for configuring the JMX server. You can disable the JMX RMI server from starting
         by setting the value of the StartRMIServer to false.

	-launch.ini
	 This file contains the WSO2 Carbon osgi runtime configuration overrides. The properties defined here are loaded 
	 prior to starting the framework and can also be used to override System Properties.

	-mime.types
	 Defines MIME types to file extension mappings.

	-mime.mappings
	 This file is used to define the human readable media type for a mime type.

	-osgi-debug.options
	 This file contains the debug options for WSO2 Carbon osgi runtime.

	-logging-bridge.properties
	 This is a logging configuration file used to bridge different logging API's calls which gets routed to log4j.
	 Log4j is used as the logging backend in carbon.

7. spark <directory>
	-spark-defaults.conf
	 The default Spark system properties configuration file.

	-spark-udf-config.xml
	 The Spark UDF configuration file.

8. analytics <directory>
	-analytics-config.xml
	 The Carbon Analytics configuration file used for configuring data access layer.

	-analytics-data-config.xml
	 The Carbon Analytics data configuration file.

	-hbase-analytics-config.xml
	 The Carbon Analytics HBase configuration file.

	-rdbms-query-config.xml
	 The Carbon Analytics RDBMS query configuration file. The query configuration contains SQL query templates
	 for different RDBMS servers.

9. carbon.xml
   The Carbon server configuration file.

10. registry.xml
    The Carbon registry configuration file. This will be used when the WSO2
    Embedded Registry is used.

11. user-mgt.xml
    The User Manager configuration file used for configuring user management
    details.

12. claim-config.xml
    The Claim Management configuration file used for claim mapping.

13. log4j.properties
    The log4j configuration file used by WSO2 Carbon.

14. machine-learner.xml
    The Machine Learner configuration file used to maintain ML specific configurations.

15. metrics.xml
    The Carbon Metrics configuration file used for configuring Carbon Metrics.

16. metrics.properties
    The Carbon Metrics properties file used for configuring Carbon Metrics Levels.

17. output-event-adapters.xml
    The output event adapter configuration file used to configure email notification support.

18. sec.policy
    The security policy configuration file. This will be used when the Java Security Manager is enabled.

19. README.txt
    This file.



